# P2P File Sharing

This is a web-app that allows users to share files anywhere on Earth with a P2P
network. It uses PeerJS to initiate P2P connections, and SolidJS as a UI 
framework.

It still needs some improvements that you'll find below.

## Initial thoughts on this project

The idea is to build an app that allows two users (a broadcaster and a receiver) to transmit securely any kind of files through a P2P network without regards to the bandwidth.

In order for files to be shared, the broadcaster and the receiver must be active and listen to each byte of the data transfer. Each transfer has a unique Transfer ID that must be entered by the receiver in order to initiate the transfer.

Security is guaranteed by the following principles: 
The broadcaster shares the SHA-256 of the file to transfer.
The file is shared in blocks of 8192 bytes that can be conditonally encrypted using a RSA key-pair generated by the receiver whose public key is shared to broadcaster before the transfer begins.
The receiver verifies the integrity of the received file by comparing SHA’s.

## Roadmap
- [x] P2P File sharing
- [x] Working version
- [ ] Check if it works on Apple devices (IP protection on Safari may f things up)
- [ ] Allow for a transfer to be cancelled
- [ ] Solve an issue on the broadcaster side, if the broadcasted file changes, the change is not registered and the previously broadcasted file is shared with the metadata of the new one
- [ ] Implement integrity checks on the received file (SHA)
